<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>        
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/styling.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <section id="style-010" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-010</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for unordered list (circle)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>circle</code> is supported on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>            
			<ul class="circle-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ul>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has circle markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-011" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-011</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for unordered list (square)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>square</code> is supported on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>            
			<ul class="square-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ul>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has square markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-012" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-012</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for unordered list (disc)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>disc</code> is supported on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>            
			<ul class="disc-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ul>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has disc markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-020" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-020</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for ordered list (upper-roman)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>upper-roman</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
			<ol class="upper-roman-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has upper-roman markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-021" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-021</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for ordered list (upper-latin)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>upper-latin</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
			<ol class="upper-latin-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has upper-latin markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-022" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-022</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for ordered list (lower-alpha)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>lower-alpha</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>
			<ol class="lower-alpha-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has lower-alpha markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-023" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-023</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for ordered list (lower-greek)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>lower-greek</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>
			<ol class="lower-greek-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has lower-greek markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-024" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-024</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for ordered list (armenian)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>armenian</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
			<ol class="armenian-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has armenian markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-025" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-025</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for ordered list (cjk-ideographic)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>cjk-ideographic</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
			<ol class="cjk-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has cjk-ideographic markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-026" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-026</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for ordered list (decimal-leading-zero)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>decimal-leading-zero</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
			<ol class="dec-lead-0-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has decimal-leading-zero markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-027" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-027</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for ordered list (georgian)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>georgian</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
			<ol class="georgian-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has georgian markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-028" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-028</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for ordered list (hebrew)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>hebrew</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
			<ol class="hebrew-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has hebrew markers, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-029" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-029</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: markers for ordered list (none)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>none</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
			<ol class="none-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has no marker, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-030" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-030</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: using an image</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style</code> shorthand property is supported using a gif on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>            
			<ul class="square-gif-list-style">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ul>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has the purple and aqua square bullet the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-040" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-040</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: <code>list-style-position </code> (inside)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-position</code> property set to <code>inside</code> is supported on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>           
			<ul class="inside-position-list">
			  <li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
			  <li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
			  <li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
			</ul>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has markers inside the indentation, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-041" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-041</span>The <code>CSS List</code> properties: <code>list-style-position </code> (outside)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>list-style-position</code> property set to <code>outside</code> is supported on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>          
			<ul class="outside-position-list">
			  <li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
			  <li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
			  <li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
			</ul>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list has the default setting (marker outside the indentation), the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-050" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-050</span>The HTML <code>start</code> attribute for ordered lists (no list-style-type property)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>start</code> attribute is supported on a <code>ol</code> element with no <code>list-style-type</code> property.</p>            
			<ol start="25">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list starts at 25, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
		<section id="style-051" class="ctest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">style-051</span>The HTML <code>start</code> attribute for ordered lists (with list-style-type property)</h2>
            <p class="desc">Test whether the <code>start</code> attribute is supported on a <code>ol</code> element with a <code>list-style-type</code> property.</p>            
			<ol start="50" class="upper-roman-list-type">
			  <li>Lorem</li>
			  <li>Ipsum</li>
			  <li>Dolor</li>
			  <li>Sit</li>
			  <li>Amet</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="eval">If the <em>Lorem Ipsum</em> list starts at 'L' (50), the test passes.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>
