<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css"/>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=1200, height=1200"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<h1 id="mo-1">Basic Tests</h1>
        
        <section id="mo-playback" class="otest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">mo-playback</span> <span id="mo-2">Media Overlays Playback</span></h2>
        
            <p id="mo-3">If there is a play/pause button that starts playing audio narration for the text on this page, then the reading system supports Media Overlays (MO). Implied in this test is that the reading system still recognizes MO even when the first chapter of the book does not contain it.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section id="sync-text-highlight" class="otest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">sync-text-highlight</span> <span id="mo-4">Synchronized Text Highlighting</span></h2>
        
            <p id="mo-5">If the matching text is highlighted as MO playback proceeds, then the reading system supports synchronized text highlighting.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section id="text-highlight-auth" class="otest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">text-highlight-auth</span> <span id="mo-6">Text Highlighting: Authored Styles</span></h2>
        
            <p id="mo-7">If the text is highlighted with a yellow background phrase-by-phrase as MO playback proceeds, then the reading system supports authored styles for text highlighting.</p> 
        </section>
        
        <section id="text-highlight-custom" class="otest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">text-highlight-custom</span> <span id="mo-8">Text Highlighting: Custom Styles</span></h2>
        
            <p id="mo-9">If the text is highlighted with another style than what is mentioned above, then the reading system has its own default styles for text highlighting.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section id="volume-control" class="otest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">volume-control</span> <span id="mo-10">Volume Control</span></h2>
        
            <p id="mo-11">If you can independently adjust the MO volume, then the reading system supports volume control.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section id="rate-control" class="otest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">rate-control</span> <span id="mo-12">Rate Control</span></h2>
        
            <p id="mo-13">If you can independently adjust the MO playback rate, without warping the pitch, then the reading system supports rate control.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section id="continuous-spine-playback" class="otest">
            <h2><span class="test-id">continuous-spine-playback</span> <span id="mo-14">Continuous Spine Item Playback</span></h2>
        
            <p id="mo-15">When this chapter has finished, playback should automatically continue onto the next chapter.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>
