<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>        
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        
        <section id="forms-010" class="otest">
        	<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-010</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>text</code></h2>
            
            <p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>text</code> is supported.</p>
        	
        	<input type="text"/>

            <p class="eval">If a text input field is rendered immediately before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-020" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-020</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>password</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>password</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<input type="password"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If text entered in the preceding box is not displayed visually, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-030" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-030</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>tel</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>tel</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<p>To verify, test a telephone number that matches the pattern 123-456-7890 and one that does not.</p>
    		
    		<form onsubmit="return false">
    			<input type="tel" pattern="\d{3}-\d{3}-\d{4}"/>
    			<input type="submit" value="Test"/>
    		</form>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If the reading system reports an error only when a non-matching pattern is entered, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-040" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-040</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>url</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>url</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<p>To verify, test a valid and invalid URL.</p>
    		
    		<form onsubmit="return false">
    			<input type="url"/>
    			<input type="submit" value="Test"/>
    		</form>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If the reading system reports an error only on when an invalid URL is entered, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-050" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-050</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>email</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>email</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<p>To verify, test a valid and invalid email.</p>
    		
    		<form onsubmit="return false">
    			<input type="email"/>
    			<input type="submit" value="Test"/>
    		</form>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If the reading system reports an error only when an invalid email address is entered, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-060" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-060</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>date</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>date</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<input type="date"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If the preceding input field allows dates to be selected and input, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-070" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-070</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>number</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>number</code> is supported.</p>
    		
   			<input type="number"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If the preceding input field allows positive and negative numbers to be selected and input, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-080" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-080</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>range</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>range</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<input type="range" min="0" max="100"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a slider control is rendered immediately before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-090" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-090</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>checkbox</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>checkbox</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<label><input type="checkbox"/> Test</label>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a checkbox control is rendered immediately before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-100" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-100</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>radio</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>radio</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<label><input type="radio"/> Test</label>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a radio button control is rendered immediately before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-110" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-110</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>file</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>file</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<input type="file"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a file selection control is not rendered immediately before this paragraph, and files can be selected from 
    			the local file system, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-120" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-120</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>submit</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>submit</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<input type="submit"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a submit input button is rendered immediately before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-130" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-130</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>image</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>image</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<input type="image" src="../img/button.png" alt="test"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a round play button is rendered immediately before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-140" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-140</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>reset</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>reset</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<input type="reset"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a reset button is rendered immediately before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-150" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-150</span> The <code>input</code> element: <code>button</code></h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>input</code> element state <code>button</code> is supported.</p>
    		
    		<input type="button" value="Test"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a button with the label "Test" is rendered immediately before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    </body>
</html>
