<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
    <head>        
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
    	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/forms.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        
        <section id="forms-210" class="otest">
        	<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-210</span> The <code>button</code> element</h2>
            
            <p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>button</code> element is supported.</p>
        	
        	<button>Test</button>

            <p class="eval">If a button with the label "Test" is rendered immediately before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-220" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-220</span> The <code>select</code> element: single option</h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>select</code> element is supported for picking a single option.</p>
    		
    		<select>
    			<option>lorem</option>
    			<option>ipsum</option>
    			<option>dolor</option>
    		</select>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a drop-down selection box with the options "lorem", "ipsum" and "dolor" is rendered immediately before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-230" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-230</span> The <code>select</code> element: multiple options</h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>select</code> element is supported for picking multiple options.</p>
    		
    		<select multiple="multiple">
    			<option>lorem</option>
    			<option>ipsum</option>
    			<option>dolor</option>
    		</select>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a selection box allowing any or all of options "lorem", "ipsum" and "dolor" to be selected is rendered immediately 
    			before this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-240" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-240</span> The <code>optgroup</code> element</h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>optgroup</code> element is supported for grouping options under a common heading.</p>
    		
    		<select>
    			<optgroup label="Latin">
    				<option>lorem</option>
    				<option>ipsum</option>
    				<option>dolor</option>
    			</optgroup>
    		</select>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If the non-selectable heading "Latin" groups the options "lorem", "ipsum" and "dolor" in the preceding
    			selection box, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-250" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-250</span> The <code>datalist</code> element</h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>datalist</code> element for predefining options is supported.</p>
    		
    		<input type="text" list="options"/>
    		<datalist id="options">
    			<option>lorem</option>
    			<option>ipsum</option>
    			<option>dolor</option>
    		</datalist>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If, when activating the preceding text box, the options "lorem", "ipsum" and "dolor" are made available for selection, the test passes.
    			If the three options are visible as text below the selection box, the test fails.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-260" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-260</span> The <code>textarea</code> element</h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>textarea</code> element is supported.</p>
    		
    		<textarea rows="5" cols="40"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a 40 column by 5 row text area precedes this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-270" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-270</span> The <code>progress</code> element</h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>progress</code> element is supported.</p>
    		
    		<progress max="100" value="33"/>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a progress bar precedes this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section id="forms-280" class="otest">
    		<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">forms-280</span> The <code>meter</code> element</h2>
    		
    		<p class="desc">Tests whether the HTML5 <code>meter</code> element is supported.</p>
    		
    		<meter min="0" max="100" value="75"></meter>
    		
    		<p class="eval">If a meter bar precedes this paragraph, the test passes.</p>
    	</section>
    	
     </body>
</html>
