<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>EPUB 3.0 Compliance Test Suite</title>
		<meta charset="utf-8" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=576, height=1024" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<section>
			<h1>Fixed Layout Orientation Spine Override Test Document: 0210</h1>
			<section>
				<h2>Abstract</h2>
				<p>This document focuses on human-evaluated binary (pass/fail) tests in a fixed layout context.
					Tests for reflowable content and other individual tests that require a dedicated epub file are
					available in additional sibling documents; refer to the <a
						href="https://github.com/mgylling/epub-testsuite/wiki/Overview">test suite wiki</a>
						(<code>https://github.com/mgylling/epub-testsuite/wiki/Overview</code>) for additional
					information.</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h2>Status of this Document</h2>
				<p>This publication is part of <a href="https://github.com/IDPF/epub-testsuite">EPUB 3 Test
						Suite</a>.</p>
				<p>Before using this publication to evaluate reading systems, testers are strongly encouraged to
					verify that they have the latest release by checking the current release date of the test suite
					at <a href="http://idpf.org/">TBD</a>. This publication should have a date appended to its file
					name that indicates its release date.</p>
				<p>This publication is subject to change at any time as new tests are identified and added.</p>
			</section>
			<section>
				<h2>Conventions</h2>
				<p>The following conventions are used throughout the document:</p>
				<dl class="info">
					<dt>1. Locating tests</dt>
					<dd>
						<div class="ctest">
							<p>Tests for <em>required</em> Reading System functionality are preceded by the label:
									<span class="nature test-label-info">[REQUIRED]</span></p>
						</div>
						<div class="otest">
							<p>Tests for <em>optional</em> Reading System functionality are preceded by the label:
									<span class="nature test-label-info">[OPTIONAL]</span></p>
						</div>
					</dd>
					<dt>2. Performing tests</dt>
					<dd>Each test includes a description of its purpose followed by the actual test statement,
						which can always be evaluated to true or false. These statements typically have the form:
						"If [some condition], the test passes".</dd>
					<dt>3. Scoring results</dt>
					<dd>Results can be recorded and stored by going to <a href="http://www.epubtest.org"
							>epubtest.org</a> and creating an account. The scored results can be kept private or
						shared for all users of the site. Scoring is an optional step.</dd>
				</dl>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
