<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
    <head>        
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/styling.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
    	<section id="style-text-xform">
    		<h2>The <code>text-transform</code> property</h2>
    		<section id="style-310" class="ctest">
    			<h2><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-310</span> <code>uppercase</code></h2>
    			<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>text-transform</code> property set to uppercase is supported.</p>            
    			<p class="transform-uppercase">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>
    			<p class="fallback">If the preceding paragraph is in upper case, the test passes.</p>
    		</section>
    		<section id="style-311" class="ctest">
    			<h2><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-311</span> <code>capitalize</code></h2>
    			<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>text-transform</code> property set to capitalize is supported.</p>           
    			<p class="transform-capitalize">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>
    			<p class="fallback">If each first letter of each word in the preceding paragraph is in upper case, the test passes.</p>
    		</section>
    		<section id="style-312" class="ctest">
    			<h2><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-312</span> <code>lowercase</code></h2>
    			<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>text-transform</code> property set to lowercase is supported.</p>           
    			<p class="transform-lowercase">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>
    			<p class="fallback">If the preceding paragraph is in lower case, the test passes.</p>
    		</section>
    	</section>
    </body>
</html>