<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
    <head>        
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/styling.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
    	<section id="style-lists">
    		<h2>Lists</h2>
    		<section id="style-list-style-type">
    			<h3>The <code>list-style-type</code> property</h3>
    			<section id="style-010" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-010</span> <code>circle</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>circle</code> is supported on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>            
    				<ul class="circle-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ul>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has circle markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-011" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-011</span> <code>square</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>square</code> is supported on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>            
    				<ul class="square-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ul>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has square markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-012" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-012</span> <code>disc</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>disc</code> is supported on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>            
    				<ul class="disc-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ul>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has disc markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-020" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-020</span> <code>upper-roman</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>upper-roman</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
    				<ol class="upper-roman-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has upper-roman markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-021" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-021</span> <code>upper-latin</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>upper-latin</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
    				<ol class="upper-latin-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has upper-latin markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-022" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-022</span> <code>lower-alpha</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>lower-alpha</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>
    				<ol class="lower-alpha-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has lower-alpha markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-023" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-023</span> <code>lower-greek</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>lower-greek</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>
    				<ol class="lower-greek-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has lower-greek markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-024" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-024</span> <code>armenian</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>armenian</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
    				<ol class="armenian-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has armenian markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-025" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-025</span> <code>cjk-ideographic</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>cjk-ideographic</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
    				<ol class="cjk-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has cjk-ideographic markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-026" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-026</span> <code>decimal-leading-zero</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>decimal-leading-zero</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
    				<ol class="dec-lead-0-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has decimal-leading-zero markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-027" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-027</span> <code>georgian</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>georgian</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
    				<ol class="georgian-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has georgian markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-028" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-028</span> <code>hebrew</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>hebrew</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
    				<ol class="hebrew-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has hebrew markers, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-029" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-029</span> <code>none</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-type</code> property set to <code>none</code> is supported on a <code>ol</code> element.</p>            
    				<ol class="none-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has no marker, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    		</section>
    		<section id="style-list-style">
    			<h3>The <code>list-style</code> property</h3>
    			<section id="style-030" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-030</span> images</h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style</code> shorthand property is supported using a gif on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>            
    				<ul class="square-gif-list-style">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ul>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has the purple and aqua square bullet the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    		</section>
    		<section id="style-list-style-position">
    			<h3>The <code>list-style-position</code> property</h3>
    			<section id="style-040" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-040</span> The <code>list-style-position</code> property: <code>inside</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-position</code> property set to <code>inside</code> is supported on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>           
    				<ul class="inside-position-list">
    					<li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
    					<li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
    					<li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
    				</ul>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has markers inside the indentation, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-041" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-041</span> The <code>list-style-position</code> property: <code>outside</code></h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>list-style-position</code> property set to <code>outside</code> is supported on a <code>ul</code> element.</p>          
    				<ul class="outside-position-list">
    					<li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
    					<li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
    					<li>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.</li>
    				</ul>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list has the default setting (marker outside the indentation), the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    		</section>
    		<section id="style-list-start">
    			<h3>The HTML <code>start</code> attribute</h3>
    			<section id="style-050" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-050</span> Without <code>list-style-type</code> set</h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>start</code> attribute is supported on a <code>ol</code> element with no <code>list-style-type</code> property.</p>
    				<ol start="25">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list starts at 25, the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    			<section id="style-051" class="ctest">
    				<h4><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">style-051</span> With <code>list-style-type</code> set</h4>
    				<p class="desc">Tests whether the <code>start</code> attribute is supported on a <code>ol</code> element with a <code>list-style-type</code> property.</p>
    				<ol start="50" class="upper-roman-list-type">
    					<li>Lorem</li>
    					<li>Ipsum</li>
    					<li>Dolor</li>
    					<li>Sit</li>
    					<li>Amet</li>
    				</ol>
    				<p class="eval">If the preceding list starts at 'L' (50), the test passes.</p>
    			</section>
    		</section>
    	</section>
    </body>
</html>
