<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<h1 id="mo-1">Basic Tests</h1>
        
        <section id="mo-playback" class="otest">
        	<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">mo-playback</span> <span id="mo-2">Media Overlays Playback</span></h2>
        	
        	<p class="desc">Tests whether playback of Media Overlays is supported.</p>
        
            <p id="mo-3" class="eval">If there is a play/pause button that starts playing audio narration for the text on this page, then the Reading System supports Media Overlays (MO). Implied in this test is that the Reading System still recognizes MO even when the first chapter of the book does not contain it.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section id="sync-text-highlight" class="otest">
        	<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">sync-text-highlight</span> <span id="mo-4">Synchronized Text Highlighting</span></h2>
        	
        	<p class="desc">Tests whether text highlighting is supported.</p>
        
        	<p id="mo-5" class="eval">If the matching text is highlighted as MO playback proceeds, then the Reading System supports synchronized text highlighting.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section id="text-highlight-auth" class="otest">
        	<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">text-highlight-auth</span> <span id="mo-6">Text Highlighting: Authored Styles</span></h2>
        	
        	<p class="desc">Tests whether authors can control the highlighting color.</p>
        
        	<p id="mo-7" class="eval">If the text is highlighted with a yellow background phrase-by-phrase as MO playback proceeds, then the Reading System supports authored styles for text highlighting.</p> 
        </section>
        
        <section id="text-highlight-custom" class="otest">
        	<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">text-highlight-custom</span> <span id="mo-8">Text Highlighting: Custom Styles</span></h2>
        	
        	<p class="desc">Tests whether the a reading system implements its own default styles.</p>
        
        	<p id="mo-9" class="eval">If the text is highlighted with another style than what is mentioned above, then the Reading System has its own default styles for text highlighting.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section id="volume-control" class="otest">
        	<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">volume-control</span> <span id="mo-10">Volume Control</span></h2>
        	
        	<p class="desc">Tests whether the volume of the Media Overlay playback can be independently adjusted.</p>
        
        	<p id="mo-11" class="eval">If you can independently adjust the MO volume, then the Reading System supports volume control.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section id="rate-control" class="otest">
        	<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">rate-control</span> <span id="mo-12">Rate Control</span></h2>
        	
        	<p class="desc">Tests whether playback rate control is supported.</p>
        
        	<p id="mo-13" class="eval">If you can independently adjust the MO playback rate, without warping the pitch, then the Reading System supports rate control.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section id="continuous-spine-playback" class="otest">
        	<h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">continuous-spine-playback</span> <span id="mo-14">Continuous Spine Item Playback</span></h2>
        	
        	<p class="desc">Tests whether playback across spine items is supported.</p>
        
        	<p id="mo-15" class="eval">When this chapter has finished, playback should automatically continue onto the next chapter.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>
