<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
        <h1 id="mo-1">Clip Times</h1>

        <p id="mo-2">Each sentence below should play in full:</p>

        <section id="mo-audio-010" class="ctest"><p id="mo-1-41"><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">mo-audio-010</span> <code id="mo-1-75">clipBegin</code> <span id="mo-2-61">not specified</span></p>
            <p class="desc" id="mo-2-7">Tests whether starting playback begins at the start of a clip when the <code>clipBegin</code> attribute is not specified.</p>
            <p id="mo-3">If clipBegin is not specified, its value is assumed to be 0.</p>
            <p class="eval" id="mo-3-23">If the preceding sentence is announced in full, the test passes.</p>
        </section>

      <section id="mo-audio-020" class="ctest"><p id="mo-4-62"><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">mo-audio-020</span> <code id="mo-1-a">clipEnd</code> <span id="mo-2-a">not specified</span></p>
            <p class="desc" id="mo-5-39">Tests whether playback continues to the end of the clip when the <code>clipEnd</code> attribute is not specified.</p>
            <p id="mo-4-a">If clipEnd is not specified, its value is assumed to be the full duration of the physical media.</p>
            <p class="eval" id="mo-6-a">If the preceding sentence is announced in full, the test passes.</p>
        </section>

        <section id="mo-audio-030" class="ctest"><p id="mo-7-b"><span class="nature">[REQUIRED]</span> <span class="test-id">mo-audio-030</span> <code id="mo-1-b">clipEnd</code> <span id="mo-2-b">exceeds length</span></p>
            <p class="desc" id="mo-8-b">Tests whether playback ends at the end of the clip when the <code>clipEnd</code> attribute specifies a duration longer than the clip length.</p>
            <p id="mo-5-b">If clipEnd exceeds the full duration of the physical media, then its value is assumed to be the full duration of the physical media.</p>

            <p class="eval" id="mo-9-b">If playback immediately continues to the next section after the preceding sentence is announced in full, the test passes.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>
