<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
		<h1 id="mo-1">Escapability</h1>

        <section id="mo-esc-010" class="otest"><h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">mo-esc-010</span> <span id="mo-010-1">Section Escapability - Basic</span></h2>

        	<p class="desc" id="mo-1-75">Tests whether basic escapability is supported.</p>

			<p id="mo-010-2">While Media Overlays (MO) are playing within the blue-bordered escapable element below, invoke the 'escape' command (assuming it is provided by the reading system).</p>

			<div id="esc1" epub:type="glossary" class="escapable1">

				<p id="mo-010-3">This is an escapable document fragment, identified by the <code>epub:type="glossary"</code> attribute (other values should also be supported, this is for illustration purposes only). Invoking the 'escape' command here should result in MO playback skipping the remainder of this fragment, and continuing to the next paragraph down below.</p>

				<p id="mo-010-4">This is the remainder of the escapable document fragment, containing filler text to allow time to invoke the 'escape' command...</p>

				<p id="mo-010-5">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>

			</div>
			
			<p id="mo-010-6">This is a normal paragraph, immediately following an escapable document fragment.</p>

        	<p class="eval" id="mo-2">If MO playback escapes from the blue-bordered escapable element, and resumes immediately after it, the test passes.</p>
        </section><section id="mo-esc-020" class="otest"><h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">mo-esc-020</span> <span id="mo-020-1">Section Escapability - Contiguous</span></h2>

        	<p class="desc" id="mo-3">Tests whether playback behaviour with contiguous escapable fragments is correct.</p>

			<p id="mo-020-2">While Media Overlays (MO) are playing within the first blue-bordered escapable element below, invoke the 'escape' command (assuming it is provided by the reading system).</p>

			<div id="esc2" epub:type="glossary" class="escapable1">

				<p id="mo-020-3">This is an escapable document fragment, identified by the <code>epub:type="glossary"</code> attribute (other values should also be supported, this is for illustration purposes only). Invoking the 'escape' command here should result in MO playback skipping the remainder of this fragment, but <strong>not</strong> skipping the immediately-following escapable document fragment.</p>

				<p id="mo-020-4">This is the remainder of the escapable document fragment, containing filler text to allow time to invoke the 'escape' command...</p>

				<p id="mo-020-5">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>

			</div>
			
			<p id="mo-020-6" epub:type="glossary" class="escapable1">This is another escapable document fragment, immediately following the previous one. These two consecutive elements are both escapable, but upon invocation of the 'escape' command within the first fragment, MO playback should continue within this second blue-bordered fragment (subsequent contiguous escapable fragments are <strong>not</strong> automatically escaped).</p>

			<p id="mo-020-7">This is a normal paragraph, immediately following an escapable document fragment.</p>

        	<p class="eval" id="mo-4">If MO playback escapes from the first blue-bordered escapable element, and does not skip the second blue-bordered escapable element (resumes within it), the test passes.</p>
        </section><section id="mo-esc-030" class="otest"><h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">mo-esc-030</span> <span id="mo-030-1">Section Escapability - Nested</span></h2>

        	<p class="desc" id="mo-5">Tests whether nested escapability is supported.</p>

			<p id="mo-030-2">While Media Overlays (MO) are playing within the <strong>nested</strong> magenta-bordered escapable element below, invoke the 'escape' command (assuming it is provided by the reading system), then invoke it once again from within the <strong>top-level</strong> blue-bordered escapable element.</p>

			<div id="esc3" epub:type="glossary" class="escapable1">

				<p id="mo-030-3">This is a top-level escapable document fragment, identified by the <code>epub:type="glossary"</code> attribute (other values should also be supported, this is for illustration purposes only).</p>
				
				<div id="esc4" epub:type="glossary" class="escapable2">
					<p id="mo-030-4">This is another escapable document fragment, nested within the top-level one. Upon invocation of the 'escape' command in this nested element, MO playback should skip the remainder of this fragment, and continue at the next paragraph below (which is itself located within a top-level escapable fragment).</p>

					<p id="mo-030-5">This is the remainder of the nested escapable document fragment, containing filler text to allow time to invoke the 'escape' command...</p>

					<p id="mo-030-6">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>
				</div>

				<p id="mo-030-7">This paragraph immediately follows the nested escapable document fragment. Upon invocation of the 'escape' command here, the remainder of this top-level escapable fragment should be skipped, and playback should continue at the "normal" paragraph down below.</p>

				<p id="mo-030-8">This is the remainder of the top-level escapable document fragment, containing filler text to allow time to invoke the 'escape' command...</p>

				<p id="mo-030-9">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>
			</div>

			<p id="mo-030-10">This is a normal paragraph, immediately following the top-level escapable document fragment.</p>

        	<p class="eval" id="mo-6">The test passes if MO playback escapes from the nested magenta-bordered escapable element, and resumes immediately after it (within yet-another escapable fragment), then escapes from the top-level blue-bordered escapable element, and resumes at the following "normal" paragraph.</p>
        </section></body>
</html>
