<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
		<h1 id="mo-1">Navigation Tests</h1>

        <section id="mo-nav-010" class="otest"><h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">mo-nav-010</span> <span id="mo-nav-010-1">Section Navigation - Previous/Next Phrase</span></h2>

        	<p class="desc" id="mo-1-8">Tests whether previous/next phrase navigation is supported.</p>

            <p id="mo-nav-010-2">While Media Overlays (MO) are playing, use the phrase navigation commands to move through contiguous audio phrases.</p>

            <p id="mo-nav-010-3">This is a paragraph.</p>

            <p id="divided-paragraph">
				<span id="mo-nav-010-4">This is a sentence within a paragraph.</span>

<span id="divided-sentence">
				<span id="mo-nav-010-5">This</span>
				<span id="mo-nav-010-6">sentence</span>
				<span id="mo-nav-010-7">is</span>
                <span id="mo-1-46">divided</span>
				<span id="mo-nav-010-8">into</span>
				<span id="mo-nav-010-9">individual</span>
				<span id="mo-nav-010-10">words.</span>
</span>
				
				<span id="mo-nav-010-11">This is the last sentence of the paragraph.</span>				
            </p>

            <p id="mo-nav-010-12">This is the last paragraph.</p>

        	<p class="eval" id="mo-2-61">If previous/next navigation is possible at the granularity of audio phrases, the test passes.</p>
        </section><section id="mo-nav-020" class="otest"><h2><span class="nature">[OPTIONAL]</span> <span class="test-id">mo-nav-020</span> <span id="mo-2">Section Navigation - TOC</span></h2>

        	<p class="desc" id="mo-3-27">Tests whether navigation to a new section is supported.</p>

            <p id="mo-3">While Media Overlays (MO) are playing, go to the table of contents and select "Section Navigation, Part 2" from the list.</p>

            <p id="mo-4">To give you enough time to get there before the Reading System automatically goes to the next chapter, here is some filler text.</p>

            <p id="mo-5">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>

        	<p class="eval" id="mo-4-20">If playback continues on the destination page, the test passes.</p>
        </section></body>
</html>
